Occasionally, the fall witch, Mr. Adams, Mr. Stevens, called other members of the committee
in regard to the wisdom of the possibility of college and off the investigation of communism
and military establishment.
I don't recall any first.
No, you were going with Mr. Stevens with absence for some time, was over in the audience.
During that time, Mr. Adams was making phone calls to senators in regard to the investigation.
I was knowing that about that theory with the office, it's not in the same room with
the secretary and I don't handle his phone calls unless he happens to be up in the secretary's office.
I don't recall the...
You didn't have to come.
During the period when he was absent, when the secretary was open to party, I don't recall any first.
Now, who in the time's bad leads the conversation really together?
I feel like I gave a leader to Colonel Polaroor, Colonel Wood in our office.
And then we kind of approached with him with some contrast.
I'm not sure I'd say one, two, or three.
They worked many, sir.
Do you have a penchant for those in relation with you?
I don't know, sir.
No.
That's how it really makes you a chief.
Other words, let's say that the secretary of Stephen Stalkman's was the religious...
I'd like to know what I know, my colleague, Senator June, or Senator Hector, why six months ago.
Do you have an index so you can go to your book and report back to the secretary.
The date, time, the phone was when...
I have two ways to locate a call.
I've mentioned the little flip that I make with your chronological.
I've stapled together my notes for things that I might have to refer to.
One day, the staples pass.
And then, at a later time, when I'm out of chance and I'm far behind right now,
I'd go over these chronological notes that we've called here and simply the subject.
And I've tied a post that on card.
If an owner here, I think there might be a future reference to it.
If it seems to be a minor call and an invitation to dinner or something, I wouldn't post it.
Or you're on the card.
I would have it in the exonerate summary.
I'm between the winners of what type of that index you have.
Do you have a card in the index?
Yes, sir. 3, 5, 5 card index, which, as I say, is not even complete on all his phone time reservations.
It is them. I'm the ones that I think he might...
It's that's my point of reference.
But when I was bringing the card, you could win the 30-year-old.
Yes, you know.
You haven't got the transcript.
I don't have to realize.
All the number of cases you can tell us any of the cards are missing.
Not sure. They're constantly being added to it.
Because the text will talk to the new people.
I don't know if you got my question.
But there was a text of the pecateria.
2nd number of cases.
The day of 20.
You make a card and make the exact number of cases.
Do you remember them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6?
No.
So you've got no room room.
The time has begun.
Any other questions?
I'll answer them.
Do you have any record of a phone call?
I have a second.
I answered them.
You know that I have a record of a call.
General Washington, do you have a second record?
I don't know.
I believe it's up there.
May have thought the general lot.
But I don't remember if this point my record is not here.
You can't try that.
I'm not sure.
I don't have.
The other phone call, telephone conversation,
Mr. Cohen, and secretary Steve Luce,
on the 27th of October.
And I realize that you have to recall specific dates.
That's the other phone call.
I think I've got to recall it.
I could recall it as calls and place them in an interior.
There's a many little details.
I don't believe I could recall that any kind of conversation
had around a particular week will stay.
I wouldn't know as far as time has concerned.
Could you check your records?
I'd like to ask you a question.
I have a question.
I'm sorry.
I agreed with those suggestions.
Give us the number of calls.
Mr. Cohen and secretary Steve Luce,
we want to talk to the police.
I have the conversation.
Transparency.
Yes, sir.
I can show that.
Mr. Cohen passed on the phone.
I'm sure I must have passed.
He passed during that photograph.
Yes.
I'll turn you down to the telephone.
How many conversations are there?
No, sir.
I'll be giving the secretary a few minutes.
I'm not sure.
I believe I gave him to tell what are federal below.
Who would have been a few of those?
I believe on the first occasion.
I knew that the secretary was with a remission from secretary of information.
I believe in the case of Mr. Cohen.
What would you recall?
I have a phone call on me and my secretary Steve Luce.
Two of Mr. Cohen left over 28 years ago.
I believe on the other side of that.
There was a conversation with Mr. Cohen
but I don't recall the date.
Mr. Steve Luce, we have the call.
What was the pay?
I believe on October 21st or October 28th.
Mr. Cohen's on October 26th, why not send it to 28th?
That's you, that's those.
I believe that, yeah.
On the matter of the day, we'll talk about the call and honestly conversation.
We are really, for the thing that I know is until we decide whether to admit this one or not.
If we're not willing to have a talk about that, there is this conversation
that may be overwhelming, surprising, or showing other possible telephone conversations.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman,
do we have a phone call in the given, nothing right there, so that's good.
Well, perhaps the conversations would not be partially admissible
and would have to be excluded.
Let both parties agree to it.
I think that's correct in my hour.
In part of the trans-pigment argument will be applied to the UK.
If in what the both will lead to, decide whether or not we should admit a partial recording
until I have some picture of the other conversation with Mr. Leigh.
Mr. Chairman, I think it's of the utmost importance to have all of the conversations
that are substantially active for him.
Admittedly, I'm sure that we have all of these conversations.
I think it'll be extremely easy.
Now, I don't want to impose upon the claim of the committee, but this matter will brought up.
I am just to see them to offer one particular conversation.
There are some prior conversations which will seem to be certainly as important.
It's not more so, and I would like to spend a few minutes on that if I may.
The season's meeting is possible.
Thank you, Bill.
Do you know how many conversations there were between Secretary Stevens and other members of this subcommittee?
In regards to Mr. Cohn or Mr. Leigh, Mr. Chairman.
May I have a mind to commit?
Is it being very of this time?
It is for the...
A recording, a transcription of this conversation between allegedly occurring between Senator McCrath and Mr. Stevens on November 7th.
Now, this is a theory making an exploration of many other alleged recordings of monitoring of other alleged conversations.
And it is objective to...
Mr. Cohn, may I start at the...
...and I think you can have a final slide.
Mr. Cohn, may I start at if you want to restrict the interrogation of this witness of this claim to one particular conversation, one girl,
...to all those men who are afraid to have a witness, it can be a very valued arithmetic.
The telephone conversation between Mr. Stevens and the member of this subcommittee and other individuals of this subcommittee, I will answer this question.
You will be able to hold a correct conversation.
It is the sure field that we are going to take this piece to you.
And this time, when you have a one conversation following back later about all of the other conversations, I have got no objection to that.
Very soon, we will wait for you to move to the next.
A very long and expensive day that he is not sending requests to send you from reclining to reply to a question at this time as to whether or not he would...
...and it is the same as the other conversations that we have been discussing.
I am also...
...and I am staying in the assembly of the committee here from Council.
I make a kind of a really downed response, which is all of the same time.
This is what I have heard from Mr. Cohn, that is...
...it is all from that little slide.
A particular matter of the conversation is to be brought into evidence.
The same moving and the same circumstances will apply to all of the minor discussions of current investigation.
More than usual, I think the right person is found now as many people in regard to a private meeting which should be in one person.
But I didn't suggest these hearings.
Now, this is what this is.
Does have information.
If you want to know that, information regarding conversation with Mr. Cohn.
And members of this committee, although members of this committee, I am now Mr. Cohn.
If you believe, not questioning him.
I am just...
...particularly conversation with myself and the obfits.
I am trying to find out what information he has, which might change some way to understand investigation.
But if you have nothing to miss, go to him in a way.
And I think it will be a great mistake to deny that he's trying to address this Council.
So, right to find out.
Just for this human hand world knows.
And we do have to get through.
I would like to suggest to the Chair and the Council that they submit.
All of the original notes from the dates about the investigation of coming with them.
The middle of the investigation began.
And after the Chair, that is the move of the middle of the meeting.
I think that's probably the purpose of it.
Glory to the lift-pishing ramp.
And the greenstone of the middle.
All these missions began.
Now, what those notes will show I think they don't know.
That's why I've got to look at them.
So, I think it's a little bit more.
And it looks like same.
But the green one brings a good hit to time.
Cheers.
Let's try out all the patterns of the board.
The right hand is on the left of our ears.
I think it's an excellent idea.
All notes that relate to conversations.
On this side of this controversy ought to be speaking.
And made available to the committee.
That would include the member and previously related to the press by the committee and staff.
I think that all notes relating to telephone conversation by all of the principals and parties of this controversy ought to be speaking.
And I think that's the period of the same time.
I make a flexible idea.
This challenge could I come in on the roll or not be the roll to write the army more?
Let's make a good phrase that telephone conversation available.
So, let's just turn them in.
Let's just turn them in.
I don't think the richer roll can fix the army any more than I can.
So, I think it's a picture here, because I need to plan.
So, I have to learn the ethnic background, because I think the army just as much as you do.
I'm trying to fix more.
Now, I'm not trying to speak for the army today.
Let's speak for your plan.
Let's move to the army.
Oh, I have to tell you the family.
Get this area out there.
I have to tell you the entire area is left.
We're not pursued as invagations of other this time.
I will abide by the learning of the care of the security of the army.
I just think that it's one important lesson of the legion out.
That is it.
Do you think the government expects the army mechanical development in the Pentagon?
I don't know about the Pentagon, sir.
I don't have any mechanical devices.
Well, do you know, or did any reason please, that the government has taken the army mechanical devices anywhere in the Pentagon?
I just tell no to have your heard me say where?
I haven't heard anything on the subject.
I understand the narrative has been issued.
It's recently that no mechanical recording shall be made issued by the Secretary of the Pentagon.
The plan I don't know whether they're having mechanical recordings.
That's correct.
I wouldn't say so.
I just tell no.
I've never seen any mechanical recordings made except I believe in one which I don't know what they had in the field of this case or not.
But it wasn't the Secretary of Time for stations.
And I suppose whoever had it made as a permission of the chairman of the other end of the line, but others on that I do not know anything about the vehicle recording support conversations.
The man has the gimmick spike.
That's the time I could use the...
Yes, the account.
I'd like to use the customer's information on me.
I believe he has the right of well to create some kind of tool of tools.
Mr. Wilson, about the immissibility of the United States.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, is my understanding of this plan that Mr. Wilson should have already received and Mr. Audem is against all of the monitors recording transcriptions.
Mr. Arming, which Mr. Thuvens or Mr. Adams has maybe admitted in evidence, provided that the committee headed by Senator Matradi makes the same agreement with respect to any recordings or monitors conversations that he has.
Is that correct?
Do I even correct in only one respect, sir?
I understand that I am retained by the United States Army.
We're not only the two out of the two states, the other degrees.
Not argue that point, in order to shorten time.
May I ask the senator from which council?
Do you or do you or not give you to that position, Senator MacIty?
Mr. Dinkham, I am very sure that...
I am not questioning this witness.
Mr. President, what information is this?
He has thought about a bullet box, an anonymous bullet box, and a picture of Victor von.
And then what is?
He has thought that it was interesting.
I don't know what to remember, but it is an example.
Then Mr. Chairman, Mr. President, I am not going to point it in any way.
Mr. Chairman, in due of the fact that he is admitted that this plan is scripted...
...of this telephone conversation of November 7th is not full and complete and accurate and correct.
It is still my opinion that the transcription itself should not be admitted in evidence.
However, it is not my opinion in due of additional information elicited from this witness...
...since I have been in my original opinion.
That this witness, who allegedly and mentally and on that telephone conversation may testify now...
...has to that conversation allegedly occurring between the committee chairman and Mr. Chairman and that he may use the note...
...which he took at that time for the purpose and the purpose of refreshing his recollection...
...and with the further statement of this committee that the objections raised with respect to it...
...not being technically accurate in every respect both to the ways of the testimony...
...or others and to its admissibility.
Mr. Chairman.
And then, Mr. Chairman, may I complete my actual examination of this?
Before I let you make any discussion, Mr. Oderna.
I will turn it into a comment.
Use up to 10 minutes and maybe questions by other members of the committee of Mr. Oderna.
Mr. Chairman, let me go.
One step further, please.
In order to be technically correct.
It still should not be admitted because it is a monitored report...
...that is, the testimony of this witness should not be given.
A body is refreshing his recollections from the notes since it's a monitored report...
...without the consent given in this open hearing by some of the McCarthy.
We feel the statute pertaining to such monitored conversation.
Very long now, before we do only point to order...
...we have the witness before it, that there are other questions.
Councilor Mr. Oderna, I have none.
I have none.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I have none.
That's more than a water.
I wonder whether we are going to take his testimony or not going to take it.
We are on my request.
All right.
You're going to keep him in the witness table as the news.
Just standing in this legal situation, there's technical issues.
If the building is encountered, it's a very testimony.
Absolutely. There's one of people that will understand.
I'd rather let that seem any question.
Senator McCullough, we cannot have this witness...
...about the monitored telephone conversation...
...without the consent of Senator McCullough in view of the statute applicable to...
I may say, Senator, I'm simply with over and question...
...since we're the expedite these hearings and the Aniston...
...getting on to what we can take this afternoon.
If we're going here, I would like to ask you many questions...
...about many other conversations that get the correct number...
...that he has monitored, whether he has it, whether they're available...
...or they can be made available to the committee.
Chancellor, please do as far as you admit, one time ago...
...what they're ruling on the request for the commission...
...to the committee of all the classified notes...
...and the short-hand vote...
...and all the parties to the controversy.
I'm just as uncomfortable as I am as to get missability of such evidence...
...from the standpoint of its legality...
...would defend upon the willingness of the committee...
...not assuming that they're monitored.
If they're not monitored, then of course...
...any transcription may just...
...of that conversation that has a party who receives it directly.
In order to make a record of it, within my opinion...
...the admissible testimony is not a monitor, it's messy.
Let's count. I'm not raising the question of missability.
I am merely pursuing the request originally made...
...that the Army funny, all of the short-hand notes...
...and the time-side notes and conversations...
...and the other principles too, they talk diversity and new life law.
Do you mean permanent managers, permanent, they show monetary...
...I mean to the committee that was the request originally made...
...by Senator McCarthy?
Of course, low matters will be requested by your...
...adjection. I assume that we have the right to have those...
...no transcriptions.
But that does not go to the question of whether they're going to be...
...admitted in testimony.
It merely goes to our right to have the information...
...as each witness is presented.
It is proper for this committee to inquire about witness...
...not most he has made, what's memorandum he has made...
...and to have those introduced by that witness...
...assuming that they are competent and relevant.
Well, the extractors are at this point. The Army is free...
...and I understand it to submit this information to the committee.
But if I have an idea, it is correct.
You find that he has earned one more moment Mr. Chairman.
Well, this telephone conversation of November 7...
...can go to the committee this afternoon on either one or two days.
If Senator McCarthy were consensuous this mission, it goes in.
If this committee by majority votes, those you wish to hear...
...is otherwise this witness that he must testify to.
So you may have it on either basis.
Senator McCarthy, one more story.
If you will consent, this committee has to come out here today.
If you do not consent in the committee votes...
...that my witness is testified to.
This committee on the country will hear us today.
Mr. Wilson, I think that Mr. Moon's answer to the Chairman of the committee.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Newton, we have to get this.
I think the most important matter here, the most full of matters...
...year, during which time we're investigating...
...conviction, translation, military.
Most telephone conversations would be a great benefit to the committee.
I agree with the council, Mr. Jenkins, that...
...the taking of the notice is illegal.
And therefore, it normally would not be admissible.
I would like to call the council the attention to the fact that...
...I'm investigating that committee is not bound by the usual rules of the government.
Senator McCarthy, the council invite Mr. Chair, he did not say taking the notice was illegal...
...but it might be illegal to admit that.
Let me say that.
As the chairman of the rules, the government before committee...
...are considerably different from before court.
I think that, regardless of how proper or improper it might have been...
...to monitor the telephone conversations.
I do think the committee should get all of the telephone conversations.
Over the past year, having to do with its subject, even remotely...
...I think the telephone conversations should be examined by the council.
And the one Mr. Jenkins considers...
...a potent testimony.
Otherwise, it should be put in the record.
I get nothing further to say at this time.
Mr. Chairman, may I make some other remarks?
In order to clarify the matter now under consideration by the committee...
...it is not the violation of the law to monitor a telephone conversation...
...send in interstate commerce.
It is only a violation of the law...
...for the party at the other end of the line...
...to whom it is sent to by force that without the consent of the sender...
...I say to this committee...
...that's the only way such a telephone monitor telephone conversation...
...may be proven legally without this committee running a foul of the law...
...and taking the chances of getting in jail...
...with three persons in the party to a fee...
...that it might be was anything evident.
No, I'm not a judge.
As stated, that he will permit it to go in...
...either by Senator McCrath and Mr. Smith...
...which would make it perfectly legal...
...or upon a vote of this committee to receive it...
...which, in my mind, simply means that Mr. Warch is willing to take good change...
...of it being admitted if this committee will assume responsibility by...
...but as a committee committee, I say this was obtained by Mr. McCrath's consent...
...you violate the law, and if you admit in evidence...
...but monitor a telephone conversation.
I have no question about some from a private position.
I want all telephone conversations...
...having to do with this great promotion of shame...
...and the controversy of an Adam's and a Cone of myself, anyone who would admit military...
...I want them all made public right there.
I want a no-circum-sense.
Hello, Mr. Warch.
You select one monitor telephone conversation...
...out of a hundred quchice as we have...
...and offer to put that in the record.
That would be about a tylingon file for anything I have ever heard of before any committee.
I want them all out.
I want this whole picture laid clear on the table.
I want everything involved to even, to anyone in the military, to do any counter.
I want anyone in the administration, to anyone else.
Your guidance and notification made a part of the record...
...and I will not consent to put in isolated pieces one letter out of a hundred.
Let's make that perfectly clear this time.
You can terminate by the end of the day.
The entire fire now in perfect agreement.
They will all be made available, but they can only actually go in evidence...
...one of the times.
So I suggest we now take the one we've got here.
Well, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, I move that the committee accepts the agreement...
...and the chairman stops the discussion.
Mr. Chairman, there's proper work here.
And now, rule that they shall hold in the record.
I expect that.
And all of the same time, I assume.
All of it is passed by all.
Move your seconds.
All that they have pertaining to this concept, first of all, in any way, directly or indirectly.
I assume that includes all parties.
All parties.
May I ask the... may I ask the senator made a motion?
Yes.
As a motion, assume that they will all be put in at the same time.
I don't know how you can do that if you can figure out a statistical way to do it, I agree.
Well, well, let's look.
Now, let me show this. I don't know what... I don't know what's in this.
I don't see this.
You all know what I have to do.
Let's get them in the record.
The point of order, Mr. Chairman, you may not say I don't know what's in this...
...incomplete conversation.
The regard of following complete is my B.
I am willing to have upgiving the record here.
All of the conversation is going to the same time.
Mr. Chairman, I think it's a very clear...
Right to share on that point.
Motion is very clear that all of the monocity conversations dealing with the point raised by the senator from Wisconsin
are included in the motion made by the senator from Arkansas as a chair in the census.
That's right.
Oh, I have a second.
No exclusions.
But the ball in and let the ball...
Any ways of asking what birthday thank you is relevant.
What party is here relevant?
The point of order, Mr. Chairman, is the senator from Arkansas, a man named his motion to say that they've been in front of Roger Glowder.
Mr. Chairman, I have a question.
Mr. Chairman, would you amend the motion to say that these conversations be put in the in front of Roger Glowder?
Yes, I have no objection to that.
As the parties will agree that I just want to get them all in the record.
The amendment will be able to reflect on that.
And do I understand that you will include the short-hand notebooks...
So I'm wichstly short-hand remarks are transcribed and this will include...
This request applies to all of the principals for this controversy.
That's correct, then.
Both sides.
That's Cameron.
May I point out one thing that's different than it was.
Is that an amendment to be moved to the men's thickness of motion?
That amendment is not available in me.
Mr. Chairman, do you want to speak to your employees as opposed to a blind order?
I think that these three essential for the record that we have similar as that from Mr. Cohen and Mr. Cobb, paralleling the extent of the senator.
We should have their consent as well.
Is it your position, Mr. Chairman, if I may?
And your position that the University of Consent has everyone who has called,
or would just even call that...
Senator, Mr. Senator, why are Senator Z?
If he called, there are ten people somewhere else in the hill.
Is it your position that you will withhold those telephone conversations,
unless we can induce those people to consent to them for the indirection?
I will not force all of the stopping, sir.
I don't need the appointed lawyer, Mr. Ray, to the motion.
His Ray is the admissibility of the other.
The motion is fair to the committee.
It's secure all of the seven.
And the matter of the admissibility, you might have to get the consent.
So I understand that this will also...
Some testimony was made by Mr. Lucas in connection with the indexing
and the certain descriptive index titles he made.
I think that ought to be included in all memoranda to all the principles that it's controversial,
relating to telephone conversations.
I think that some of it may be in memoranda form, memorandum,
and part of it may be a verbatim transcript.
And it's right to justice the word all of the mighty inclusive term,
and that was the word employed by the standard marchinist.
If you have a mind, then I'll first talk to you about the straff of faith
relating to any telephone conversation.